hey everybody uh this is my truck it's a
1990 Chevrolet z71 just broke right now
I'm doing this video is supposed to be
having a bad storm tonight I just kind
of want to get it decently the where
like just a good video of it just in
case something bad happens because it's
a pretty bad storm we got coming in and
I broke my hubs and my axle she's making
new lips you dirty rat dirty
got a 94 degree off foot in it looking
front areas and police strobe lights hid
gyro kits smoked turn signals brand new
windshield had a girl kick it out i
hauling stuff onto a dump on the front
end broke the wheel bearing went out in
the wheel laid over and I had to get her
towed home just got four eights behind
the seat that one right here blowed out
and this one blowing out to today so
hopefully soon plan on putting me some
uh probably two tens back here but I got
a guy coming to buy one of my dirt bikes
here soon I'm gonna take that money and
paint my truck and buy me a new set of
tires it's got thirty three four
fourteen fifty superstorm four buggers I
already ordered my axles and all don't
put my bearings in accidents going to be
here tomorrow hopefully got them
overnighted
it's got true dual I went to the back
they're called resonators but I messed
them up and knocked all the guts out of
them so basically straight pipes and I
messed up his tire cut a groove in it
when I was pulling on the trailer
because they hung over so much and it
started spinning when I was pulling it
up on there but I'm on I didn't know it
but my dad told me as loud as all
get-out
and I I never heard it because pipes got
the sides some will run them out back
here on the corner like a 45 degree
angle and I'll let y'all hear from just
want the camera back here
it's been sitting for two weeks waiting
on my barons to get here so that's why I
didn't want to crank to good and if I
give it a little gas it might smoke a
little bit because bits if song but
we'll try
but hey that's what she sounds like
I'm just be glad gotta have him drop my
grandparents Jeep back to fourth school
because this thing been broken here my
life when I first put them in I didn't
know that as on us coming home schooling
that I actually pulled somebody over so
they come in handy when you're running
late to get somewhere they just got this
little box right here
he's got three different strobe settings
on it where you can cut them on is like
fog lights bad thing is right before I
broke it I spent all day Sunday watching
this truck both sides roofing all right
just kind of just watch the route
because I see in a second excuse me
but uh my roof and I was getting pretty
bad in shape that's why we get her
painted but like I said I just want to
get a video of it just in case anything
happens and I kind of have a detailed
video for insurance to show on so I'm
walking around right now but yeah rate
comment subscribe and just let me know
what you think